Add detailed usage documentation (#19)
ProtonVPN/protonvpn-cli-ng: USAGE.md

If you want to uninstall ProtonVPN-CLI, run `configure` first and purge the configuration. Then uninstall through the package manager you used for installation.

For PIP this would be

`sudo pip3 uninstall protonvpn-cli`

Bye Bye 😔

### Example Installation on Ubuntu 18.04

1. Installing dependencies

    To install ProtonVPN-CLI's dependencies, open a terminal and type `sudo apt install -y dialog openvpn python3-pip` and confirm with Enter. Wait for the installations to finish

2. Installing ProtonVPN-CLI

    To install ProtonVPN-CLI type `sudo pip3 install protonvpn-cli` in the terminal and confirm with Enter again. This should look something like this:

    ![ubuntu-pip-install](https://i.imgur.com/jSuftoe.png)

3. Initialize the ProtonVPN profile

    Now you have access to the `protonvpn` command. Before using ProtonVPN-CLI you need to initialize your profile. For this type `sudo protonvpn init`

    This will first ask you for your OpenVPN username and password. You can find them on https://account.protonvpn.com/account

    ![openvpn-pass](https://i.imgur.com/EdZ01T9.png)

    Enter these details in the prompts

    ![ubuntu-pass-entry](https://i.imgur.com/Vrcq2oO.png)

>     Next you need to select your plan. If you are a trial user currently, select `3) Plus`.

Reviewer: This line could be made more clear by writing "If you are currently enjoying the 7-day free trial of ProtonVPN Plus, select `3) Plus`
```suggestion
    Next you need to select your plan. If you are currently enjoying the 7-day free trial of ProtonVPN Plus, select `3) Plus`.
```

|`protonvpn status, s`              | Print connection status.                              |
|`protonvpn configure`              | Change CLI configuration.                             |
|`protonvpn refresh`                | Refresh OpenVPN configuration and server data.        |
|`protonvpn examples`               | Print example commands.                               |
|`protonvpn --version`              | Display version.                                      |
|`protonvpn --help`                 | Show help message.                                    |

All connect options can be used with the `-p` flag to explicitly specify the Protocol (either `udp` or `tcp`).

### Command Explanations

You can see the full list of commands by running `protonvpn --help` and a list of examples by running `protonvpn examples`.

**Most of the commands need to be run as root, so use sudo with the commands in this guide!**

Before using any other commands, you need to initialize your profile:

`protonvpn init`

To connect to a server you always need the `connect` option (or just `c`):

`protonvpn connect`

> Running it just like that will give you a menu that let's you select the country, server and protocol interactively:

Reviewer: This should be "lets" not "let's"
```suggestion
Running it just like that will give you a menu that lets you select the country, server and protocol interactively:
```

`protonvpn reconnect`

`protonvpn r`

If you want to see the status and information of your current connection, you can use the `status` or `s` option, which doesn't require root:

`protonvpn status`

`protonvpn s`

![status-example](https://i.imgur.com/5tm5nOJ.png)

If you want to change different values that you've set during initialization, you can do this with the `configure` option, just follow the prompts to change your username/password, default protocol and so on:

`protonvpn configure`

![configuration-example](https://i.imgur.com/tHSkBxk.png)

## Features

### DNS Management

#### DNS Leak Protection

ProtonVPN-CLI features a DNS Leak Protection feature, which makes sure that you will use ProtonVPN's DNS Servers. This protects you from third parties (like your ISP) being able to see your DNS queries and therefore invading your privacy.

ProtonVPN-CLI accomplishes this by updating the `/etc/resolv.conf` file when you connect to a VPN server and make sure that only ProtonVPN's DNS Server is written in this file. It will also backup the previous state of `/etc/resolv.conf` to revert all changes upon disconnection.

> Please note that when you change network (different Wifi) while being connected, `/etc/resolv.con` can be updated by your system. This can cause DNS leaks, so for best security, use `protonvpn reconnect` after changing network.

Reviewer: `/etc/resolv.con` should be `/etc/resolv.conf` here.

To enable DNS Leak Protection use the `protonvpn configure` command, then press `4` to choose DNS Management. Then press `1` to choose that you want to enable DNS Leak Protection.

From now on your DNS queries are secured.

#### Custom DNS

If you always want to use a custom DNS Server when you connect to ProtonVPN, ProtonVPN-CLI allows you to do this as well. You can add up to 3 custom DNS Servers.

**Enabling Custom DNS**

To enable DNS Leak Protection use the `protonvpn configure` command, then press `4` to choose DNS Management. Then press `2` to choose that you want to configure custom DNS Servers. Now enter the IPs of up to 3 DNS Servers you want to use and confirm with Enter.

#### Disabling DNS Management

If you don't want ProtonVPN-CLI to do any changes to your DNS, you can do this as well. This will cause ProtonVPN-CLI to not touch `/etc/resolv.conf` and your device will always use the DNS servers configured by you or through your network.

**Disabling any DNS management**

To enable DNS Leak Protection use the `protonvpn configure` command, then press `4` to choose DNS Management. Then press `3` to disable any DNS management.

### IPv6 Leak Protection

> ProtonVPN-CLI features an IPv6 Leak Protection feature. It makes sure that your IPv6 address doesn't get leaked when connecting to a ProtonVPN server.

Reviewer: You used "feature" twice in a sentence :P It would sound nicer if you wrote "ProtonVPN-CLI features an IPv6 Leak Protector".

This feature is enabled by default and for security reasons can't be disabled.

It works by detecting the IPv6 address, backing it up and removing it from the default interface. When disconnecting it adds the IPv6 address back to the default interface and deleting the backup.

### Kill Switch

ProtonVPN-CLI has a built-in Kill Switch that protects your data in a case where your VPN connection would go down unexptectedly.

It works by replacing your existing iptables rules with custom rules that only allow data to go over the OpenVPN interface when the VPN connection is established. When disconnecting ProtonVPN-CLI will revert iptables to it's previous state.

**Enabling the Kill Switch**

To enable the Kill Switch, open the configuration menu with `protonvpn configure`, then select `5` for the Kill Switch and confirm the activation with `y`. On the next connection the Kill Switch will be enabled.

> *Note: The Kill Switch only activates on unexptected connection drops. It will not persist through reboots and not activate when calling `protonvpn disconnect`. To simulate the Kill Switch, kill the OpenVPN process while connected with `sudo pkill openvpn`.*

Reviewer: I'd recommend changing the last sentence to _`To test the kill switch, kill the OpenVPN process while connected with sudo pkill openvpn. This should disconnect you from the internet until you run sudo protonvpn disconnect`_ to be more clear as to the purpose of `sudo pkill openvpn`.

### Split Tunneling

> ProtonVPN-CLI features IP-based split tunneling. This means that you can exclude specific IPs or networks from being routed over the VPN tunnel.

Reviewer: This might be more clear if instead of saying networks, you just said IP ranges. "This means that you can exclude specific IPs or IP ranges from being routed over the VPN tunnel."

Then call `protonvpn refresh` to update the OpenVPN template with your excluded IP addresses.

## Enhancements

This is a list of optional enhancements that make using ProtonVPN-CLI easier.

### Disable sudo password query

You can disable the prompt for the sudo password when using ProtonVPN-CLI.

1. Enter `sudo which protonvpn` to find where the executable is installed

    ![which-protonvpn](https://i.imgur.com/JjYpviI.png)

2. Enter `sudo visudo` to edit the sudoers file.

    Go to the bottom of the file and add the following line

    `user ALL = (root)  NOPASSWD: /usr/local/bin/protonvpn`

    *Note: Make sure to replace the name `user` with your own username and the path with the output of the previous command*

3. Save the file

Now you can use ProtonVPN-CLI without entering your password. This is best used with an [alias](#configure-alias-for-quicker-access).

### Configure alias for quicker access

> An alias let's you access the `protonvpn` command easier and without typing `sudo` all the time. To configure an alias, open your shell's rc file with your favorite editor, for bash, which is the default shell on most linux distributions, this would be `~/.bashrc`. Now add the following lines at the end of the file

Reviewer: At the beginning of this sentence, it should be "lets" not "let's". Also I recommend putting a period before "for bash" to prevent making a run-on sentence and simplify the sentence.
```suggestion
An alias lets you access the `protonvpn` command easier and without typing `sudo` all the time. To configure an alias, open your shell's rc file with your favorite editor. For bash, the default shell on most linux distributions, this would be `~/.bashrc`. Now add the following lines at the end of the file
```

`alias protonvpn='sudo protonvpn'`

`alias pvpn='sudo protonvpn'`

> This let's you use ProtonVPN-CLI by just typing `protonvpn` without sudo or even just typing `pvpn`. For the latter, make sure you have uninstalled the old [bash-based ProtonVPN-CLI](https://github.com/ProtonVPN/protonvpn-cli) to avoid complications.

Reviewer: Same here, "lets" not "let's".
```suggestion
This lets you use ProtonVPN-CLI by simply typing `protonvpn` without sudo or just typing `pvpn`. For the latter, make sure you have uninstalled the old [bash-based ProtonVPN-CLI](https://github.com/ProtonVPN/protonvpn-cli) to avoid complications.
```
